yeah exchange you know there it's a
storm comin re just so last time the
ministry of magic is pleased to announce
the appointment of Dolores Jane Umbridge
as high in visit to address the falling
standards at hogwarts school things are
hopeless a far worse than I feared
you have been told that a certain Dark
Wizard is at large this is a lie it's
not a lie I saw it you've got to be able
to defend ourselves and if I'm adre
fuses to teach us how we need somebody
who will every great wizard in history
started out as nothing more than what we
are now if they can do it why not us
sort of explosive isn't it stupefy
breaking rules who are you a more of you
coming from behind cones you're a really
good teacher Harry
the ministry is gonna have a full
uprising in their eyes
it's your turn
discipline your line we're in this
together
you fold more building up at all
then I wants place
Harry Potter you will lose everything